.github/README.md, before:

# Kastle 🏰

![Kastle cover image](/cover-image.png)

**Secure. Fast. Effortless.** Kastle is the **simplest** way to store, send, and manage your $KAS. Built for **speed**
and **self-custody**, it’s the wallet that puts you in control—without the headaches.

### **Why Kastle?**

🔥 **User-Friendly** – No clutter, no confusion. Just smooth crypto management.  
🔐 **Secure Storage** – Your keys, your coins. Fortified with advanced security.  
⚡ **Instant Transactions** – Send & receive $KAS with ease. No friction, no delays.  
🔄 **Import with Ease** – Bring in your existing wallet seamlessly with a recovery phrase or private key.  
🌐 **Dapp-Ready** – Connect effortlessly and expand your crypto world.  
🚀 **Quick Setup** – Up and running in minutes. No nonsense.

**Take control of your $KAS—** download Kastle and experience the power of a **fast, intuitive, and secure** Kaspa
wallet. 🏰🔑

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

To install the dependencies, run:

```bash
npm install
```

## Usage

To start the development, use:

```bash
npm dev
```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see our [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/forbole/kastle/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
for guidelines on how to contribute to this
project.

## License

See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/forbole/kastle/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Revise README for Kastle wallet extension
Updated the README to enhance the description of the Kastle wallet extension, including new features and benefits.

Signed-off-by: Leonardo <leonardo@forbole.com>

.github/README.md, after:

# Kastle 🏰

![Kastle cover image](/cover-image.png)

**The Simple and Fast Kaspa Wallet Extension** 🏰

Secure. Fast. Effortless. Kastle is **the simplest Kaspa wallet extension** to store, send, and manage your **$KAS**. 

Built for speed and self-custody, it puts you in control—without the headaches.

🚀 **Why Kastle Wallet?**

🔥 **User-Friendly** – No clutter, no confusion. Just smooth Kaspa wallet management.

🔐 **Secure Storage** – Your keys, your coins. Advanced encryption, biometrics, and Ledger support keep your assets safe.

⚡️ **Instant Transactions** – Send & receive $KAS with lightning speed across L1 and emerging L2 networks.

🔄 **Import with Ease** – Bring in your existing wallet using a recovery phrase or private key.

🌐 **Dapp-Ready** – Connect to Kaspa dApps directly through the Kastle wallet extension.


✅ **Wide Token Support** – Manage KRC20 and KRC721 tokens with full functionality: deploy, mint, transfer, and showcase NFTs.

✅ **KNS Integration** – Send and receive assets using simple, human-readable Kaspa Names instead of long addresses.

✅ **ERC20 Support** – Seamlessly manage ERC20 tokens alongside your Kaspa assets.

✅ **L2 Ready** – Built for Kaspa Layer 2s to enable scalable transactions and future dApp ecosystems.

🏰 The Kaspa Wallet You’ve Been Waiting For.

Take control of your $KAS — Download Kastle today and experience the power of a fast, intuitive, and secure Kaspa wallet extension.

👉 [Download Kastle Wallet Extension](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/kastle/oambclflhjfppdmkghokjmpppmaebego)

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

To install the dependencies, run:

```bash
npm install
```

## Usage

To start the development, use:

```bash
npm dev
```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see our [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/forbole/kastle/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
for guidelines on how to contribute to this
project.

## License

See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/forbole/kastle/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details.
